Branch 8.8: Use vcpkg (#2549)
AntaresSimulatorTeam/Antares_Simulator: src/CMakeLists.txt

find_package(sirius_solver)

if (NOT sirius_solver_FOUND)

> 	message (FATAL_ERROR "Sirius solver not found. Sirius solver can be compiled with -DBUILD_sirius=ON or you can specify previous dependency install directory with -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PAT ")

Reviewer: is it true that BUILD_sirius=ON will build Sirius?

Reviewer: i don't think so

> 	message (FATAL_ERROR "Sirius solver not found. Sirius solver can be compiled with -DBUILD_sirius=ON or you can specify previous dependency install directory with -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PAT ")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	message (FATAL_ERROR "Sirius solver not found. Sirius solver can be compiled with -DBUILD_sirius=ON or you can specify a dependency install directory with -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH")
```
